Update Set-VpnConnectionProxy.md (#2201)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-powershell-docs: docset/windows/vpnclient/Set-VpnConnectionProxy.md

The **Set-VpnConnectionProxy** cmdlet configures web proxy information for the specified VPN connection.
If errors occur when you modify the web proxy information, the error information is returned.

> >[!NOTE]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> > VPN proxy settings are only used on Force Tunnel Connections. On Split Tunnel Connections, the general proxy settings are used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that VPN proxy settings are only used on forced tunnel connections. On split tunnel connections, the general proxy settings are used.
```
